Research Notes:

- People feel as though horror games are either constantly reliant on buildup with no end result, or just jumpscare after jumpscare after jumpscare until the player is just overall unaffected by them and it no longer has any nuance. (According to this link: "https://game-wisdom.com/critical/horror-hardest-genre/")
- Game developers remove the realism of horror games by not having any real characters other than the main thing that you're trying to run from, which takes away from the experience of the game, as even the player character seems soulless. (According to this link: "https://www.superjumpmagazine.com/the-problems-with-indie-horror/")
- Various, and I mean, VARIOUS sources also report that horror games are notorious for being INCREDIBLY difficult at times. Whether it be the enemies, or other circumstances that make it so difficult to beat, and annoying to play.

Purpose Statement: The game will simply be called VESSEL. I'm creating the game because of my passion for making terrifying concepts and stories. People who enjoy horror games and have fun with puzzle games will enjoy it.

- It will be a puzzle horror game.
- The setting will be the inside of an underground lab owned by Screwllum, a Genius scientist who created a creature, who will be the main antagonist of the game, Vezlon.
- The game will have puzzle elements scattered throughout with the actual threats in order to make the game somewhat of a challenge!
- Three Playable Characters? Maybe?
  1. Herta (the main character), Slow Speed, High Stamina & Health, has a hammer which can be used to press buttons into the floor.
  2. Asta, an All-Around character, has a rail gun that she can use to hit normally out of reach targets.
  3. Arlan, Fast Speed, Low Stamina & Health, has an electric sword that can be used to overcharge certain open electrical sockets.
- The goal of the game is to escape the underground lab, as you\'92d expect.
- The player would have to solve puzzles regarding a character's weapon and find area specific keycards in order to open up new areas of the facility.
- The monster, Vezlon, can open wormholes, fly, and teleport in order to suit its needs.
